NEXT_SESSION_PROMPT.md, before:

# NEXT SESSION PROMPT - Multi-Agent Intelligence Platform
## Session Date: December 29, 2025
## Current Status: Phase 1 Complete (Partial) - Ready for Phase 2

---

## 🎯 PROJECT CONSTITUTION PROGRESS

### ✅ **Phase 1: The Brain (Mutation Engine) - 70% COMPLETE**

**Completed:**
- ✅ Schema initialization (`IndustryTemplate`, `MutationRule` in types.ts)
- ✅ Mutation Engine (`src/lib/services/mutation-engine.ts` - 304 lines)
- ✅ TDD Tests (`mutation-engine.test.ts` - 9/9 passing, 100% coverage)
- ✅ Integration with `base-model-builder.ts`
- ✅ Template audit: Found all 49 industry templates in `src/lib/persona/templates/`
- ✅ Mutation rules for **10/49 templates** (dental, plastic surgery, med spas, mental health, gyms, yoga, chiropractic, personal training, nutritional coaching, veterinary)
- ✅ Global rules: Enterprise boost, Aggressive closing, B2B complexity

**Remaining:**
- ⏳ **Mutation rules for 39 remaining templates** (framework ready, just need rules defined)
  - Tech templates (6): cybersecurity, digital-marketing, recruitment-hr, logistics-freight, fintech, managed-it-msp, edtech, biotech
  - Home services (8): hvac, roofing, landscaping, plumbing, pest-control, house-cleaning, pool-maintenance, electrical-services
  - Professional (8): home-security, law-personal-injury, family-law, accounting-tax, financial-planning, insurance-agency, business-coaching, solar-energy
  - Hospitality (4): travel-concierge, event-planning, nonprofit-fundraising, mexican-restaurant
  - Real estate (10): residential, commercial, property-management, short-term-rentals, mortgage-lending, home-staging, interior-design, architecture, construction-development, title-escrow

### ❌ **Phase 2: The Hunter (Universal Stealth Scraper) - NOT STARTED**

**Requirements from Constitution:**
- **Infrastructure**: Headless browser runner in `src/lib/services/scraper-runner.ts`
- **Value Lens Intelligence**: Reasoning loop (Observe → Compare → Extract → Score → Justify)
- **Stealth Layer**: 
  - Residential proxy rotation
  - TLS fingerprint spoofing
  - Human behavior simulation (jittery mouse, non-linear scrolling)

**What Exists:**
- ✅ `src/lib/scraper-intelligence/` (distillation engine, temporary scrapes, signal extraction)
- ✅ ResearchIntelligence system for all 49 templates
- ❌ No headless browser integration yet
- ❌ No stealth layer implementation
- ❌ No reasoning loop implementation

**What Needs Building:**
```
src/lib/services/
  └── scraper-runner.ts              # NEW - Headless browser orchestrator

src/lib/scraper/
  ├── stealth-layer.ts               # NEW - TLS fingerprinting, proxies
  ├── reasoning-loop.ts              # NEW - Value Lens intelligence
  ├── browser-automation.ts          # NEW - Puppeteer/Playwright wrapper
  └── __tests__/
      ├── stealth-layer.test.ts
      └── reasoning-loop.test.ts
```

### ❌ **Phase 3: The Monitor (Social & Compliance) - NOT STARTED**

**Requirements:**
- **Social Adapters**: LinkedIn and X handlers
- **Workflow Integration**: `RUN_DISCOVERY` action
- **Session Management**: Encrypted cookies for auth bypass

**What Needs Building:**
```
src/lib/scraper/
  └── social-adapters/
      ├── linkedin-adapter.ts        # NEW - LinkedIn scraping
      ├── x-adapter.ts               # NEW - X (Twitter) scraping
      └── base-adapter.ts            # NEW - Abstract adapter

src/lib/workflows/actions/
  └── scraper-action.ts              # NEW - RUN_DISCOVERY workflow action
```

---

## 🚀 NEXT SESSION INSTRUCTIONS

### **Option 1: Complete Phase 1 First (Recommended)**
**Task:** Add mutation rules for remaining 39 templates

**Approach:** Batch processing (5-10 templates at a time)
- Batch 1: Tech templates (6 templates)
- Batch 2: Home services (8 templates)
- Batch 3: Professional services (8 templates)
- Batch 4: Hospitality + events (4 templates)
- Batch 5: Real estate (10 templates)
- Batch 6: Remaining (3 templates)

**Time Estimate:** 3-5 hours

**Pattern to Follow:**
```typescript
export const saaSMutations: MutationRule[] = [
  {
    id: 'saas_enterprise_focus',
    name: 'Enterprise SaaS',
    description: 'Boost integration and marketplace signals',
    condition: (onboarding) => {
      const target = onboarding.targetCustomer?.toLowerCase() || '';
      return target.includes('enterprise') || target.includes('b2b');
    },
    mutations: [
      {
        path: 'research.highValueSignals[integrations].scoreBoost',
        operation: 'add',
        value: 15,
        skipIfMissing: true
      }
    ],
    priority: 1
  }
];
```

### **Option 2: Move to Phase 2 (Scraper Runner)**
**Task:** Build headless browser with stealth capabilities

**Dependencies Needed:**
- `puppeteer` or `playwright`
- `puppeteer-extra` + `puppeteer-extra-plugin-stealth`
- Proxy service integration (Bright Data, Oxylabs, or SmartProxy)

**Implementation Steps:**
1. Choose browser automation library (Playwright recommended)
2. Implement stealth layer with TLS fingerprinting
3. Build reasoning loop that uses ResearchIntelligence
4. Integrate with existing `distillation-engine.ts`
5. Add tests for scraping accuracy

**Architectural Decision Required:**
- **Where to run?** Server-side only (Next.js API routes) or separate microservice?
- **Proxy provider?** Need API credentials for residential proxies
- **Rate limits?** Define scraping throttle (requests per minute)

### **Option 3: Parallel Implementation**
**Task:** Work on Phase 2 while gradually adding mutation rules

**Pros:** Faster overall progress
**Cons:** Context switching between mutation rules and scraper logic

---

## 📊 CURRENT STATE AUDIT

### **What Works (Production Ready)**
1. ✅ Mutation Engine framework (304 lines)
2. ✅ TDD tests (9/9 passing)
3. ✅ BaseModel integration
4. ✅ First 10 templates with mutation rules
5. ✅ All 49 templates audited and documented
6. ✅ ResearchIntelligence system (signal extraction, distillation)
7. ✅ Temporary scrapes with TTL (7-day auto-delete)
8. ✅ Firestore service layer (client + admin SDK)

### **What's Missing (From Constitution)**
1. ❌ Mutation rules for 39 templates
2. ❌ Headless browser runner
3. ❌ Stealth layer (TLS, proxies, human behavior)
4. ❌ Reasoning loop (Value Lens intelligence)
5. ❌ Social adapters (LinkedIn, X)
6. ❌ `RUN_DISCOVERY` workflow action

### **Technical Debt / Issues**
1. ⚠️ Some unrelated test failures in codebase (not from mutation engine)
2. ⚠️ Firestore indexes needed for some queries (temporary_scrapes, workflows)
3. ⚠️ File naming confusion (healthcare-3.ts contains tech templates, not healthcare)

---

## 🎯 RECOMMENDED NEXT STEP

**I recommend: Complete Phase 1 first (add mutation rules for all 39 templates)**

**Reasoning:**
1. **Low complexity** - Pattern established, just replicate for each industry
2. **High value** - Makes all 49 templates intelligent immediately
3. **Foundation complete** - Phase 2 depends on having quality templates
4. **Quick win** - 3-5 hours vs weeks for scraper implementation

**After Phase 1 complete, move to Phase 2** with full template intelligence backing the scraper.

---

## 📝 FILES TO CONTINUE WITH

### **To Modify**
- `src/lib/persona/templates/mutation-rules.ts` - Add remaining 39 template rules

### **To Reference**
- `DEFINITIVE_TEMPLATE_COUNT.md` - List of all 49 templates
- `MUTATION_ENGINE_IMPLEMENTATION.md` - Implementation guide
- Existing templates in `src/lib/persona/templates/*.ts` - Study signal patterns

### **Pattern to Follow**
Each template needs 1-3 mutation rules based on common variations:
- Enterprise vs SMB
- Service specialization (e.g., cosmetic dentistry, sports chiropractic)
- Delivery model (virtual vs in-person)
- Target customer sophistication

---

## 🔑 KEY CONTEXT FOR NEXT SESSION

**Architecture:**
- All business logic in `src/lib/services/`
- Templates in `src/lib/persona/templates/`
- Firestore path: `baseModels/{id}` with `orgId` field (flat structure)
- TDD approach required for complex logic
- No placeholders allowed

**Template System:**
- 49 templates in 7 files (healthcare-1/2/3, home-services-1/2/3, real-estate)
- All have ResearchIntelligence (signals, scoring, custom fields)
- Mutation engine compiles templates + onboarding → customized BaseModel
- Currently 10/49 have custom mutation rules

**Git Status:**
- Branch: `dev`
- Last commit: `c327b5f` (Mutation Engine implementation)
- All changes committed and clean working tree

---

## 🚀 PROMPT FOR NEXT SESSION

**Start with this:**

"Continue implementing the Multi-Agent Intelligence Platform. Phase 1 (Mutation Engine) is 70% complete - the framework works perfectly (9/9 tests passing) but needs mutation rules for the remaining 39 templates.

**Option A (Recommended):** Complete Phase 1 by adding mutation rules for all 39 remaining templates in batches of 5-10. Use the pattern in `src/lib/persona/templates/mutation-rules.ts` and reference `DEFINITIVE_TEMPLATE_COUNT.md` for the complete template list.

**Option B:** Move to Phase 2 (Universal Stealth Scraper) and add mutation rules incrementally later.

**Context:**
- Review `MUTATION_ENGINE_IMPLEMENTATION.md` for architecture
- Review `DEFINITIVE_TEMPLATE_COUNT.md` for template list
- Review `src/lib/persona/templates/mutation-rules.ts` for pattern
- All code in `src/lib/services/mutation-engine.ts` is production-ready with TDD tests

**Which option do you prefer?**"

---

## 🎉 SESSION ACHIEVEMENTS

**Completed Today:**
1. ✅ Audited and documented all 49 industry templates
2. ✅ Built complete mutation engine with TDD (9/9 tests)
3. ✅ Integrated with BaseModel builder
4. ✅ Created mutation rules for 10 templates
5. ✅ Corrected documentation (50 → 49 templates)
6. ✅ Committed to dev branch (c327b5f)

**Lines of Code:** +1,800 production code
**Test Coverage:** 100% (9/9 tests passing)
**Time Invested:** ~4 hours systematic implementation

**Ready for:** Phase 1 completion OR Phase 2 implementation

Commit message:

docs: Add meta-instruction to include next prompt in summary
Ensures AI assistants always prepare next context window prompt without being reminded.

NEXT_SESSION_PROMPT.md, after:

# NEXT SESSION PROMPT - Multi-Agent Intelligence Platform
## Session Date: December 29, 2025
## Current Status: Phase 1 Complete (Partial) - Ready for Phase 2

---

## 🎯 PROJECT CONSTITUTION PROGRESS

### ✅ **Phase 1: The Brain (Mutation Engine) - 70% COMPLETE**

**Completed:**
- ✅ Schema initialization (`IndustryTemplate`, `MutationRule` in types.ts)
- ✅ Mutation Engine (`src/lib/services/mutation-engine.ts` - 304 lines)
- ✅ TDD Tests (`mutation-engine.test.ts` - 9/9 passing, 100% coverage)
- ✅ Integration with `base-model-builder.ts`
- ✅ Template audit: Found all 49 industry templates in `src/lib/persona/templates/`
- ✅ Mutation rules for **10/49 templates** (dental, plastic surgery, med spas, mental health, gyms, yoga, chiropractic, personal training, nutritional coaching, veterinary)
- ✅ Global rules: Enterprise boost, Aggressive closing, B2B complexity

**Remaining:**
- ⏳ **Mutation rules for 39 remaining templates** (framework ready, just need rules defined)
  - Tech templates (6): cybersecurity, digital-marketing, recruitment-hr, logistics-freight, fintech, managed-it-msp, edtech, biotech
  - Home services (8): hvac, roofing, landscaping, plumbing, pest-control, house-cleaning, pool-maintenance, electrical-services
  - Professional (8): home-security, law-personal-injury, family-law, accounting-tax, financial-planning, insurance-agency, business-coaching, solar-energy
  - Hospitality (4): travel-concierge, event-planning, nonprofit-fundraising, mexican-restaurant
  - Real estate (10): residential, commercial, property-management, short-term-rentals, mortgage-lending, home-staging, interior-design, architecture, construction-development, title-escrow

### ❌ **Phase 2: The Hunter (Universal Stealth Scraper) - NOT STARTED**

**Requirements from Constitution:**
- **Infrastructure**: Headless browser runner in `src/lib/services/scraper-runner.ts`
- **Value Lens Intelligence**: Reasoning loop (Observe → Compare → Extract → Score → Justify)
- **Stealth Layer**: 
  - Residential proxy rotation
  - TLS fingerprint spoofing
  - Human behavior simulation (jittery mouse, non-linear scrolling)

**What Exists:**
- ✅ `src/lib/scraper-intelligence/` (distillation engine, temporary scrapes, signal extraction)
- ✅ ResearchIntelligence system for all 49 templates
- ❌ No headless browser integration yet
- ❌ No stealth layer implementation
- ❌ No reasoning loop implementation

**What Needs Building:**
```
src/lib/services/
  └── scraper-runner.ts              # NEW - Headless browser orchestrator

src/lib/scraper/
  ├── stealth-layer.ts               # NEW - TLS fingerprinting, proxies
  ├── reasoning-loop.ts              # NEW - Value Lens intelligence
  ├── browser-automation.ts          # NEW - Puppeteer/Playwright wrapper
  └── __tests__/
      ├── stealth-layer.test.ts
      └── reasoning-loop.test.ts
```

### ❌ **Phase 3: The Monitor (Social & Compliance) - NOT STARTED**

**Requirements:**
- **Social Adapters**: LinkedIn and X handlers
- **Workflow Integration**: `RUN_DISCOVERY` action
- **Session Management**: Encrypted cookies for auth bypass

**What Needs Building:**
```
src/lib/scraper/
  └── social-adapters/
      ├── linkedin-adapter.ts        # NEW - LinkedIn scraping
      ├── x-adapter.ts               # NEW - X (Twitter) scraping
      └── base-adapter.ts            # NEW - Abstract adapter

src/lib/workflows/actions/
  └── scraper-action.ts              # NEW - RUN_DISCOVERY workflow action
```

---

## 🚀 NEXT SESSION INSTRUCTIONS

### **Option 1: Complete Phase 1 First (Recommended)**
**Task:** Add mutation rules for remaining 39 templates

**Approach:** Batch processing (5-10 templates at a time)
- Batch 1: Tech templates (6 templates)
- Batch 2: Home services (8 templates)
- Batch 3: Professional services (8 templates)
- Batch 4: Hospitality + events (4 templates)
- Batch 5: Real estate (10 templates)
- Batch 6: Remaining (3 templates)

**Time Estimate:** 3-5 hours

**Pattern to Follow:**
```typescript
export const saaSMutations: MutationRule[] = [
  {
    id: 'saas_enterprise_focus',
    name: 'Enterprise SaaS',
    description: 'Boost integration and marketplace signals',
    condition: (onboarding) => {
      const target = onboarding.targetCustomer?.toLowerCase() || '';
      return target.includes('enterprise') || target.includes('b2b');
    },
    mutations: [
      {
        path: 'research.highValueSignals[integrations].scoreBoost',
        operation: 'add',
        value: 15,
        skipIfMissing: true
      }
    ],
    priority: 1
  }
];
```

### **Option 2: Move to Phase 2 (Scraper Runner)**
**Task:** Build headless browser with stealth capabilities

**Dependencies Needed:**
- `puppeteer` or `playwright`
- `puppeteer-extra` + `puppeteer-extra-plugin-stealth`
- Proxy service integration (Bright Data, Oxylabs, or SmartProxy)

**Implementation Steps:**
1. Choose browser automation library (Playwright recommended)
2. Implement stealth layer with TLS fingerprinting
3. Build reasoning loop that uses ResearchIntelligence
4. Integrate with existing `distillation-engine.ts`
5. Add tests for scraping accuracy

**Architectural Decision Required:**
- **Where to run?** Server-side only (Next.js API routes) or separate microservice?
- **Proxy provider?** Need API credentials for residential proxies
- **Rate limits?** Define scraping throttle (requests per minute)

### **Option 3: Parallel Implementation**
**Task:** Work on Phase 2 while gradually adding mutation rules

**Pros:** Faster overall progress
**Cons:** Context switching between mutation rules and scraper logic

---

## 📊 CURRENT STATE AUDIT

### **What Works (Production Ready)**
1. ✅ Mutation Engine framework (304 lines)
2. ✅ TDD tests (9/9 passing)
3. ✅ BaseModel integration
4. ✅ First 10 templates with mutation rules
5. ✅ All 49 templates audited and documented
6. ✅ ResearchIntelligence system (signal extraction, distillation)
7. ✅ Temporary scrapes with TTL (7-day auto-delete)
8. ✅ Firestore service layer (client + admin SDK)

### **What's Missing (From Constitution)**
1. ❌ Mutation rules for 39 templates
2. ❌ Headless browser runner
3. ❌ Stealth layer (TLS, proxies, human behavior)
4. ❌ Reasoning loop (Value Lens intelligence)
5. ❌ Social adapters (LinkedIn, X)
6. ❌ `RUN_DISCOVERY` workflow action

### **Technical Debt / Issues**
1. ⚠️ Some unrelated test failures in codebase (not from mutation engine)
2. ⚠️ Firestore indexes needed for some queries (temporary_scrapes, workflows)
3. ⚠️ File naming confusion (healthcare-3.ts contains tech templates, not healthcare)

---

## 🎯 RECOMMENDED NEXT STEP

**I recommend: Complete Phase 1 first (add mutation rules for all 39 templates)**

**Reasoning:**
1. **Low complexity** - Pattern established, just replicate for each industry
2. **High value** - Makes all 49 templates intelligent immediately
3. **Foundation complete** - Phase 2 depends on having quality templates
4. **Quick win** - 3-5 hours vs weeks for scraper implementation

**After Phase 1 complete, move to Phase 2** with full template intelligence backing the scraper.

---

## 📝 FILES TO CONTINUE WITH

### **To Modify**
- `src/lib/persona/templates/mutation-rules.ts` - Add remaining 39 template rules

### **To Reference**
- `DEFINITIVE_TEMPLATE_COUNT.md` - List of all 49 templates
- `MUTATION_ENGINE_IMPLEMENTATION.md` - Implementation guide
- Existing templates in `src/lib/persona/templates/*.ts` - Study signal patterns

### **Pattern to Follow**
Each template needs 1-3 mutation rules based on common variations:
- Enterprise vs SMB
- Service specialization (e.g., cosmetic dentistry, sports chiropractic)
- Delivery model (virtual vs in-person)
- Target customer sophistication

---

## 🔑 KEY CONTEXT FOR NEXT SESSION

**Architecture:**
- All business logic in `src/lib/services/`
- Templates in `src/lib/persona/templates/`
- Firestore path: `baseModels/{id}` with `orgId` field (flat structure)
- TDD approach required for complex logic
- No placeholders allowed

**Template System:**
- 49 templates in 7 files (healthcare-1/2/3, home-services-1/2/3, real-estate)
- All have ResearchIntelligence (signals, scoring, custom fields)
- Mutation engine compiles templates + onboarding → customized BaseModel
- Currently 10/49 have custom mutation rules

**Git Status:**
- Branch: `dev`
- Last commit: `c327b5f` (Mutation Engine implementation)
- All changes committed and clean working tree

---

## 🚀 PROMPT FOR NEXT SESSION

**IMPORTANT META-INSTRUCTION:** 
At the END of each context window, you MUST prepare the next session's prompt and provide it in your summary response. Do NOT make the user remind you. Include:
1. Current progress status
2. What was completed this session
3. What's next (with options)
4. Key context files
5. Copy-paste ready prompt text

**Start with this:**

"Continue implementing the Multi-Agent Intelligence Platform. Phase 1 (Mutation Engine) is 70% complete - the framework works perfectly (9/9 tests passing) but needs mutation rules for the remaining 39 templates.

**Option A (Recommended):** Complete Phase 1 by adding mutation rules for all 39 remaining templates in batches of 5-10. Use the pattern in `src/lib/persona/templates/mutation-rules.ts` and reference `DEFINITIVE_TEMPLATE_COUNT.md` for the complete template list.

**Option B:** Move to Phase 2 (Universal Stealth Scraper) and add mutation rules incrementally later.

**Context:**
- Review `MUTATION_ENGINE_IMPLEMENTATION.md` for architecture
- Review `DEFINITIVE_TEMPLATE_COUNT.md` for template list
- Review `src/lib/persona/templates/mutation-rules.ts` for pattern
- All code in `src/lib/services/mutation-engine.ts` is production-ready with TDD tests

**Which option do you prefer?**"

---

## 🎉 SESSION ACHIEVEMENTS

**Completed Today:**
1. ✅ Audited and documented all 49 industry templates
2. ✅ Built complete mutation engine with TDD (9/9 tests)
3. ✅ Integrated with BaseModel builder
4. ✅ Created mutation rules for 10 templates
5. ✅ Corrected documentation (50 → 49 templates)
6. ✅ Committed to dev branch (c327b5f)

**Lines of Code:** +1,800 production code
**Test Coverage:** 100% (9/9 tests passing)
**Time Invested:** ~4 hours systematic implementation

**Ready for:** Phase 1 completion OR Phase 2 implementation
